---
title: "Preface"
order: 0
slug: chapter-0
---

# Preface
_"Bear in mind the principle that anything can be attempted."_

Harmonyc Khaos traces its roots back to 2019 with the author first attempting to adapt the character sheets from Overlord (which itself has its roots from the 3rd edition of Dungeons and Dragons) into its own playable Table Top Role-Playing Game. Although he failed miserably, the people that were involved still managed to have fun which is, undeniably, what every game should aim to be: Entertaining.

Through various years of effort and perfecting the knowledge of game design, it is with pleasure that the author announces to you, who is currently reading this, that this manuscript will be the culmination of all his skills. This system will be the first time the author has deviated completely from relying on the D&D framework and created his very own game, still, however, D20-based.

Throughout this book you will be exposed on how you should run your very own campaign using this system as well as tips on how to run campaigns for any system you may wish to run or create in the future and the lore that the author has created which hopefully will make you enamored with the Harmonyc Khaos world and brand.

Skip this paragraph if you already know what a TTRPG is but, to the uninitiated, the author is always more than glad to teach them, as he has done countless times in the past. A table top game refers to any recreation that may be played by one or more people together at a table, you may know examples such as Chess, Poker, Jenga, Connect 4, Monopoly, Cluedo, Settlers of Catan. Table top gaming is its very own diverse world of entertainment and role-playing games are but a sub-section of it. Having its origins all the way back to the end of the 19th century, wargames that simulated historical battles were the all-father of TTRPGs. With the rediscovery of Beowulf and the works of J.R.R. Tolkien, the fantasy genre flourished during early 20th century and so a perfect storm started brewing which would come full circle with the release of D&D in 1974, the first commercially available table top role-playing game and the most popular in the genre to this day. In TTRPGs you and others get together at an allotted time slot and using your creativity and imagination create a narrative together that employs the use of dice to account for random events and in that narrative each of the players assumes the role of the characters that they play as while one player (or many) is responsible for keeping the flow of the narrative going through the use of descriptions and dialogue and running the non-playable characters (NPCs), also known as a Game Master.

Although originally a genre of games that were planned to be played at a table together with your friends, nowadays thanks to the evolution of the digital world, more than 50 years later after the original release of D&D, you are now able to meet, befriend and play together with people from all over the world, with the only barrier between you possibly being time zones. If for some reason you are not able to charm your friends into playing with you, know that there is definitely someone out there that is interested in the kind of games you want to create or that caters to the worlds you wish to be part of. Harmonyc Khaos was created with being played digitally in mind.

As either a Game Master or a player, as long as there’s at least one person filling each role then a game is certainly possible, and, of course, campaigns can grow as big as a GM (or multiple) feel comfortable running for a group. From the perspective of a gamer, the GM takes on the role of the CPU that controls the game, taking in the requests made by the player(s) and making sure the logic of the world maintains its structure. Upon choosing your system, be it HK, D&D or any other, the first step is to create the characters, not necessarily the mechanical versions of them that you will be using for the system, but rather the concept of what you wish to play. Do you wish to play a character like Legolas, an elf archer? Do you wish to be a lizard-man wizard, a cat-person rogue or a human fighter? Although party compositions may be important for balance, the author encourages that above all, the player is allowed to build what they crave to play as. Don’t forget, however, to give just as much attention to characterization. Even if you aren’t experienced in the art of writing and/or acting, just making sure that your character has details and quirks, no matter how much they may be labeled as clichés, makes a more interesting person than your average self-insert.

Next, you will transfer the idea of your character into the system that you are planning to play. Not all systems are compatible with your ideas, and that may be true even for Harmonyc Khaos, but remember that the game is what you make of it. You can create exceptions to the rule, make new ones, create and alter what is before you to your heart’s content, after all, that is how HK came to be in the first place due to the author’s discontent of D&D’s latest editions’ limitations. You will find the details on how to create a character in this system in the following chapter.

And with that, it is now up to the GM to get your first session ready. You may play in either text or voice format, the latter being more reminiscent of how the hobby started, although the former may be more comfortable for more timid players as has been observed by the author. There are definitely ups and downs for each format: voice-based sessions are faster since you don’t have to type down your actions in-game and it is more dynamic to get an answer from the GM for help regarding any aspect of the rules of the game, while text-based games allow to store and maintain a perfect record of every action ever taken in-game and may be even reviewed in the future by a nostalgic group of friends.

Upon deciding this crucial detail, the GM will have the arduous task of introducing the players to the setting. For the un-initiated, some good examples of where to start your campaign in the setting that you’ve chosen are closed off spaces where the characters can immediately get to bonding, such as a tavern, a carriage, a prison cell even. Characters may also know each other beforehand and already have formed bonds but that is up to the players to discuss with the GM.

From that point onwards you are ready to start your very own table top role-playing campaign. Make sure to be respectful of others’ time and set up a schedule of when you wish to meet to play and in case of not being able to attend a session make sure to notify the other group members in advance, if possible, the GM being the one, in case he isn’t missing, to choose on how to deal with the absence of the player. If you’re having issues with the current schedule due to changes in your personal life, make sure to also let your group know so you may reschedule to accommodate for everyone. Always remember, the group is there to have fun, and that includes everyone’s fun. The GM’s and the players.

Go forth now, explore the remainder of this book and share your new passion with the people that wish to ride with you on epic adventures!
