# Harmonyc-Khaos


# Chapter 2: Ancestries

> "The roots all creation trace back to the Three Greats; the **Immanis** shaped the lands with their creativity and power, mimicking the **All-Mother**, who had created their world; the **Dracae** were let loose to cause destruction and control progress through the infliction of chaos; and the **Anima** became the overseers that ensured that balance was preserved. Following the **Clash of the Worlds** and the birth of the **Harmonia Chaos**, the Three Greats were freed from their duties but with dwindling power they decided to follow in the footsteps of the All-Mother and birth progenitors which they would rule over much like they themselves had been. With the help of the **Primordials** who had been forced to take the mantle of maintaining the existence of the **New World**, they created the **dwellers** of Harmonia Chaos."

An ancestry consists of shared physical traits shared between your character and the ones they descend from, which may be key parts of your character's identity and how they see and integrate with the world around them. A character belongs to a single **Ancestry**, you may choose to play as one of the available options presented below during character creation. Additionally, each ancestry also may possess **heritages** and **traits**. The former includes abilities that are signature to your branch of your ancestry and are part of what defines your culture and can be seen as either a gift or a curse by those who inherit them; while the latter describes your ancestry's characteristics, abilities, qualities and flaws. With each ancestry also comes the knowledge on how to speak that ancestry's main **language** which can be overwritten by your heritage.

## The Homonis

> "Out of the soil, the **Immanis** molded the **Homonis** people, made specifically to be servile so they would allow their creators to feel the joys of being venerated and worshiped. They would spend their first millenniums being nothing more than mere slaves to the deities that had brought them into the world, building the latter's metropolis in the continent that they had been isolated to, **Vinctora**.
> 
> As the Immanis became complacent to their new way of life, they soon learned that they were in fact not true divinities, as for their ancestors took nourishment in worship while the Immanis, as much more powerful that they were than their creations, were still in fact mortals who needed a purpose. Without an overarching goal, solely the titans who had once been one of the pillars of the world started to go extinct as they turned into empty husks of their former selves.
> 
> This left the Homonis to manage their creators' decaying empires, but now without any guidance or purpose of their own, the Homonis too began to despair. Most of them, only knowing the others that served the same Immanis that they did, and not knowing that there was a whole world out there, decided to pile together and form small settlements all over Vinctora while the most courageous decided to take up nomadic lifestyles and explore the continent.
> 
> Surely to follow their ancestors into the void, it was then that the Homonis were approached by **Him**. In size He could rival their creators, yet He looked like nothing they had ever laid their eyes on before, His body's shape was indescribable and His skin was ivory white and completely smooth yet durable like rock. He personally revealed Himself before twenty individuals that were strewn over the continent in the aforementioned settlements and extended them a proposition: in exchange for their faith He would offer them power that would make them rival all other **dwellers** and grant them an empire that would last for a millennium.
> 
> A couple decades later, the Homonis became the strongest military force in the world and would go on to not only unify all of their people into one nation in Vinctora but start looking into expanding their territory which led to bloody wars between them and the progenitors of the Anima.
> 
> Half-way into the **Promised Millennium**, the Homonis empire has developed into **The Triumph**, a theocratic nation ruled over by the descendants of the **Twenty Hero Kings** which is both respected and feared by all dwellers of Harmonia Chaos. Their ambitions of conquest and imperialism have been put on hold as a treaty of peace has been signed between them and the **Kingdom States of Coreus** as both set their sights on the growing threat south of them, **Aeterum**, the land where dwells the children of **Aeterys**, the Primordial of Darkness.
